{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1348\cocoasubrtf170
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural

\f0\fs24 \cf0 more shopping algorithms. \
\
so again do not kill the animals. It will help you to have wild animals, not farm animals, and then only eat a small portion of the animals. \
\
for clothes the shopping can be done based on pictures, patterns, and colors, and the robots should also be able to recycle clothes and make new ones. \
\
I have looked into it, and life without animals will not solve the problems of disease and death. same with life without food. life without food does not solve death, disease, or hunger\'85\
\
life without disease, sex, drugs, surfing, reefs, diving, snowboarding, volcanoes, hurricanes, earthquakes and other life is no fun. Trust me, I have seen life indoors and it is not good. you all need to be outdoors and physically active and learning about the environment. \
\
for computer components, you can analyze usage on your machine, processor load rate, ram load rate, audio card load rate etcetera, and the computer can optimize a build for you while you use the computer, and run averages and maximums and minimums.\
\
tracking cameras like self shot are cool, but you need need need to fly them on drones, and have several angles including a submarine that does underwater photography, and 2 on land to see different angles. \
\
video editing software needs to clip match between cameras if you use multiple angles. \
\
anti aliasing can allow for multiple users on the same audio card and gpu. I am not however, exactly sure what your anti aliasing circuits look like so i cannot tell you how to push them to the absolute limit while not needing to buy an expensive card. \
\
predicting audio streams from an input source like a guitar or bass guitar is pretty simple, but you might have to play a few notes on the input source so that the computer can understand the voicing database the decay rates, randomness of the tones, etcetera, and then you can virtualize the instruments super easy or you can play them with no latency.\
\
its trajectory based math with some randomness thrown in between. \
\
you can even shop for an os based on the above theories and some software the tests benchmarks on those systems with all different hardware. \
\
\
}