{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1348\cocoasubrtf170
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural

\f0\fs24 \cf0 shopping algorithms, virtualized software, weather forecasting and erosion forecasting, auto pilot, and animals.\
\
first animals: I want you all to, and i know what a challenge this will be, please not kill any animals whether or not they are invasive. It will cost you more in the long term (life without food vs life with food) \
\
same with erosion. it costs less to buy homes than to destroy a planet. destroying coral reefs semi permanently is not ideal for any single animal on this planet. Neither is the decimation of cattle and sheep, but whatever.\
\
so for shopping, the computer needs to search the internet over the period of a day or two (as a background process) for the lowest price on the items that you like or similar items. \
\
preempting mice has to do with speed and acceleration and deceleration, people tend to go as fast as they can and still be accurate but the mouse will invariably slow down.  you just need to take into consideration where the mouse is slowing down, the rate its slowing down, the rate it was moving at, and any changes in direction and then boom. \
\
shopping, you need to use discounts like honey and coupon finders that automatically apply coupons at checkout\
\
and then you database the sites with the lowest prices etcetera for future reference and the sites with the best discounts from honey, etc. \
\
weather and eroding always happen in loops. so take a beach for example, i don\'92t know how to predict where this happens yet, but what happens is that waves will hit some areas slightly harder than others and create small hills, and then these hills erode even harder because the water gets piled up into the gulley and undergoes i guess ventrulli effect. \
\
at reefs the same thing happens, the water moves down the reef and then a rip forms at one point and the water just rushes out.\
\
the way to forecast it is to find as many satellite images, videos, topography maps, still images, and depth charts as you can and then have software just keep trying to forecast it gently and keep checking results with things that are happening in the imagery. \
\
you may also want drone weather stations and video cameras to check out the beach on a day to day basis. \
\
autopilot in anything is pretty basic. Radar, wind, weather, swell, cloud, turbulence forecasts and reports, A sextant, a bunch of for loops, and always alway always go downwind. drone subs are tough, but ELF radio goes through water, as long as you send 100 ELF signals to a drone ship you should be good to go (transceiver though, because you want to take pictures of the animals and sea floor while you go)\
\
Erosion of sand (always will occur) but  it seems to be like this. sand tends to pile up in shallow places during storms and then spread out due to currents. \
\
these people are tripping if they think they are seriously going to stop erosion. You all need to let erosion go, and let there be a resurgence of wildlife. saving people does not involve destroying all life on earth. Sorry. \
\
however, once you let erosion happen naturally, the land will be stronger and more stable and so will the wild life. if i can implore you people to stop doing two things, its killing everything and fighting nature. \
\
let erosion happen, take notes of where it happens the most, and move people out of those areas to nearby areas where erosion does not tend towards happening that often. \
\
you can study the shifting sandbars in the bahamas to get an idea of how sand shifts in a relatively calm environment. you can also study the reefs to see how water flows during small and large surf in different reef environments. \
\
}