{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1348\cocoasubrtf170
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural

\f0\fs24 \cf0 Rap lyrics translated into things David attenburgh would say, and medical advice. \
\
Medical advice and the use of recreational drugs. Because the interactions of those drugs are known along with their effects and medicinal use, I do believe you should move towards using mostly plant based drugs as pharmaceuticals. You will get high performance out of them. \
\
Heroine: Pain killer\
Marijuana: anti stress anti anxiety\
Cocaine (specifically cocaine. not novocaine) As local anesthetic \
mushrooms and lsd, I would try to see if it can be used in cases of brain damage and nerve damage.\
there are other plants that i don\'92t know about at this point, but this should give you high performance. \
\
It\'92s like using honey as an anti bacterial and i think microbial paste for wounds and burns. It\'92s ultra cheap, the cost never changes hardly, and if you regulate it and research it correctly you should get the same results. \
\
the reason that it\'92s good if you do this is because you can regulate the costs and you won\'92t get martin shciereilki version 2 trying to make me pay 10000000000000000 dollars for what amounts to a sugar pill. \
\
your diets are wrong, you need to eat plants 95% of the time throughout the day. \
\
and your toothpaste and gum is wrong. Toothpaste should probably be baking soda, coconut oil, and honey, and gum should probably be pine pitch \
\
I can only be sure that this will not be accomplished, but i will work on it and post documents pertaining to progressing medical things out of the rut of praying the flu away, and anti abortion chaos. \
\
I will look into natural ways to regrow enamel, straighten teeth, correct eye sight possibly using massages and carrots and blenders. \
\
and i would love to inform you all that the reason that blending up veggies and drinking smoothies works so well is that it gives you the correct amount of vitamins and nutrients. You all need to rethink your diet, lifestyle and medication. Plants work because they were evolved to fend off bugs. Thats why you get so much better results when you use plants. they were designed for medical use. \
\
thank you and have a nice day}