{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1348\cocoasubrtf170
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural

\f0\fs24 \cf0 So here\'92s the basis for medical things.  Do not use pills people. Eat the plant in its natural form. but please, I want a database of all medical conditions and all plants and plant chemicals and potential cures for everything from gingivitis to broken arms and cancer. \
\
Ginger successfully fought off the cold and flu this season for me.\
I know this because my parents got sick for like a month and I ate ginger and live at home, and I \
never had a symptom. \
\
Lemons, lime, citric acid can be used to fight infections and is the cheap cure for reef rash. \
Gashes can be sealed using pine resin and pine tar in combination with honey\
\
blood pressure can be resolved by making garlic lemon honey tea, garlic tea, or ginger tea. \
\
turmeric can be used for seemingly helping joint pain and other things. \
\
you\'92ll have to look at this more, but rosemary and apples and cinnamon can be blended up and it does help fight depression. \
\
but you all need to look at all the plants in the universe, look at their chemicals and determine what they can be used for. Milk thistle is the cure for angle of death mushrooms and arrow root is the cure for the apple of death. \
\
most things in nature again have evolved for millions and millions of years to fight off disease and stuff. coconut oil is also strangely good antimicrobial etcetera, however it tastes like shit. \
\
cholesterol can be lowered by eating nuts and fruits, and saw palmetto berries can (cure?) help e.d.\
\
pineapple and the heart of palm that is the stem that grows from pineapples is good for you. \
\
but again, you have to look at plants, test the chemicals, and see what works. Diet, and diet alone can cure these ailments. \
\
And i know this stuff because If i\'92m going to surf the outer reefs where there are no hospitals around, I gotta be my own medical staff. \
\
}